# Tips-to-buy-Maruti-Suzuki-cars-by-Pratham-Motors
Because of the rising contamination in urban areas of India, green portability has turned into the need of great importance for vehicle purchasers now. CNG vehicles introduce themselves as an extraordinary choice in such a manner.  Solace in traveling, better mileage, upgraded execution, and heaps of elements to offer have moved individuals to pick programmed vehicles in the past couple of years; what was once an extravagance that came in very good quality vehicles has now turned into a need for ordinary drive. A vital purpose for this developing prevalence is the range of programmed transmissions that are presented by Maruti Suzuki. The Maruti 800 is one of the oldest Maruti cars. And now the Maruti Baleno is winning hearts. Here are a few tips to find the best Maruti Suzuki car for you by Pratham Motors: Programmed Transmissions accessible in Maruti Suzuki vehicles As the forerunner in India's traveler vehicle portion, Maruti Suzuki grasps the necessities of its clients. To take care of the rising interest for programmed vehicles for issue free driving, Maruti Suzuki has three famous programmed transmissions on offer - Auto Gear Shift (AGS), Automatic Transmission (AT), and Continuously Variable Transmission (CVT).  AGS Presented in the Suzuki Celerio, the Auto Gear Shift utilizes an Intelligent Shift Control Actuator that is worked by the transmission Electronic Controller Unit to electronically switch gears. AGS can insightfully survey the unique driving circumstances and enhance the stuff moves likewise. It accompanies Creep capability which makes it simple to drive in rush hour gridlock, a Kickdown capability to give better force and capacity to speed increase (according to the driver's bits of feedback), and provides you with the adaptability of exchanging among Automatic and Manual modes. AT This programmed transmission has 3 principal parts, a force converter (pressure driven coupling), planetary stuff frameworks, and water powered controls. This is a totally computerized gearbox that self-switches the gear proportions. As a programmed transmission, AT is an incredible blend of vigorous execution and drivability. CVT Ceaselessly Variable Transmission or CVT is a programmed transmission that works with the assistance of the transmission electronic regulator unit and pressure driven cone-pulley framework to accomplish different speed proportions. CVT permits the motor to work in the most noteworthy conceivable proficiency band consistently which guarantees improved eco-friendliness.  3 central justifications for why individuals are purchasing programmed vehicles With time, vehicle purchasers have begun moving to programmed vehicles attributable to the solace, execution, and effectiveness on offer. The following are 3 integral justifications for why an ever increasing number of individuals are purchasing programmed vehicles: Expanded comfort A vehicle with programmed transmission is very helpful to drive. With its solace, your ordinary drives become issue free and outstation trips charming. Because of the grip pedal-less activity, heavily congested traffic is not any more an issue for the vehicle drivers. Incredible eco-friendliness The programmed transmissions presented in the Maruti Suzuki line-up are advanced to convey improved eco-friendliness figures in different driving territories and conditions. Better execution A Maruti Suzuki vehicle purchaser who settles on a programmed transmission vehicle gets the best harmony among execution and eco-friendliness. That is on the grounds that programmed vehicles by Maruti Suzuki are improved for Indian driving circumstances  Maruti Suzuki crossed the benchmark of 6-lakh programmed vehicles on the street, decidedly underlining the shift towards vehicles with programmed transmissions. If you have any desire to find out about the programmed vehicles presented by Maruti Suzuki. For more information: Website: https://www.prathammotors.com/  Address: Pratham Motors Pvt. Ltd. #16, Outer Ring Road (Sarjapura - Marathahalli) Bellandur, Bangalore - 560103 Contact: 9606033635 (for Sale) 9525134932, 9535159342 (for Service)
